Go: Fix false positives when logging using `%T` (#19053)
github/codeql: go/ql/src/change-notes/2025-03-20-logging-false-positive-type-format-specifier.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * False positives in "Log entries created from user input" (`go/log-injection`) and "Clear-text logging of sensitive information" (`go/clear-text-logging`) which correspond to the verb `%T` in a format specifier have been removed. There may also be more results in "Use of constant `state` value in OAuth 2.0 URL" (`go/constant-oauth2-state`).

Reviewer: Should this be less results, for the same reason?

Author: In `go/constant-oauth2-state`, arguments to loggercalls are used to rule out some results. To less arguments to loggercalls means more results, potentially. (In practice I doubt there will be any alert changes for that query.)

> * False positives in "Log entries created from user input" (`go/log-injection`) and "Clear-text logging of sensitive information" (`go/clear-text-logging`) which correspond to the verb `%T` in a format specifier have been removed. There may also be more results in "Use of constant `state` value in OAuth 2.0 URL" (`go/constant-oauth2-state`).

Reviewer 2: Minor wording improvements:
```suggestion
* False positives in "Log entries created from user input" (`go/log-injection`) and "Clear-text logging of sensitive information" (`go/clear-text-logging`) which involved the verb `%T` in a format specifier have been fixed. As a result, some users may also see more alerts from the "Use of constant `state` value in OAuth 2.0 URL" (`go/constant-oauth2-state`) query.
```
